add remove sample code for tutorial (#1053)
vdaas/vald: docs/tutorial/get-started.md

          </details>

   1. Remove

>       - Remove indexed 400 training datasets from the Vald agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Remove 400 indexed training datasets from the Vald agent.
```

          </details>

   1. Remove

      - Remove indexed 400 training datasets from the Vald agent.
          <details><summary>example code</summary><br>

        ```go
        for i := range ids [:insertCount] {
            _, err := client.Remove(ctx, &payload.Remove_Request{
                Id: &payload.Object_ID{
                    Id: ids[i],
                },
            })
            if err != nil {
                glg.Fatal(err)
            }
            if i%10 == 0 {
                glg.Infof("Removed %d", i)
            }
        }
        ```

          </details>

      - Remove manually instead of waiting for auto indexing.

>         If you run below code, the indexes will be removed from the Vald Agent and the Backup file.

Reviewer 2: I through the eyes of the user, I thought that `CreateIndex` would mean deleting the file, so what about the following?.
```suggestion
        If you run below code, the indexes will be removed from the Vald Agent and the Backup file because you deleted all the inserted vectors in the above section.
```

Reviewer 2: btw, Should we change from `SaveIndex ` to `SaveAndCreateIndex` method.
Will the backup file be erased, but will the indexing data be erased as well?

Author: @hlts2 @kevindiu 
I think `CreateAndSaveIndex()` won't work well.
cuz, there is no index to create and save.
I just tried to use `CreateAndSaveIndex()` instead of the current implementation, but end with the error `FailedPreCondition desc = CreateAndSaveIndex API failed to create indexes pool_size = 400`.
If you can, could you please try it?

Author: @hlts2 @kevindiu 
I should announce to guys that the current `vald-agent=ngt:latest` image will not work well, so if you'd like to confirm the tutorial, please use the `nightly` version.
The latest version will be updated when released next version.

And also, `CreateAndSaveIndex()` is good. but, this time, I'd like to another method as `SaveIndex()` instead of this to show vald client does not have only `CreateAndSaveIndex()`.
How do you think about it?

          </details>

   1. Remove

      - Remove indexed 400 training datasets from the Vald agent.
          <details><summary>example code</summary><br>

        ```go
        for i := range ids [:insertCount] {
            _, err := client.Remove(ctx, &payload.Remove_Request{
                Id: &payload.Object_ID{
                    Id: ids[i],
                },
            })
            if err != nil {
                glg.Fatal(err)
            }
            if i%10 == 0 {
                glg.Infof("Removed %d", i)
            }
        }
        ```

          </details>

>       - Remove manually instead of waiting for auto indexing.
>         The removed vectors are indexed in NGT graph yet before auto indexing even you called Remove API before.
>         If you run the below code, the indexes will be removed completely from the Vald Agent NGT graph and the Backup file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Remove from the NGT graph manually instead of waiting for auto indexing.
        The removed vectors are still exists in the NGT graph before the SaveIndex (or CreateAndSaveIndex) API is called.
        If you run the below code, the indexes will be removed completely from the Vald Agent NGT graph and the Backup file.
```

Author: ```suggestion
      - Remove from the index manually instead of waiting for auto indexing.
        The removed vectors are still exist in the NGT graph index before the SaveIndex (or CreateAndSaveIndex) API is called.
        If you run the below code, the indexes will be removed completely from the Vald Agent NGT graph and the Backup file.
```
